We already used the translate and rotate
function to manipulate our coordinate system.
There's one last transformation that i want to
introduce you to. And this is the scale function.
The scale function is quite simple. It simply
changes the size of your object. So it scales
everything that you draw. For example if i enter
a 2 here everything is multiplied by 2. But this
also means that your whole coordinate system
is multiplied. So it's the x and y coordinates,
it's the size of objects, everything is
scaled times 2. Of course we can add other
numbers. Times 10 or we can also decrease
the size of our objects 0.5, for example, is
the half of everything. And we can make it even
smaller say only a fourth. So you can use this
to change the size of objects, but you have to
keep in mind that everything is changing. Again
you can also use the push and the pop function
to store a certain state and return to this.